When we ran the,
buddle analyzer, it was kinda.
And we're analyzing that.
We've got this also.
Now we've got this 50 or five megabyte
file, which is fine for local.
I would say kinda,
local production or, development.
But it's not super great in terms
of is this something that we really
wanna build or put into production?
And so
i'm gonna run this build one more time.
So if you wanna build your app,
it's you can do NP build NPM, run,
build nccih run dashboard hyphen build.
And what i wanna call out here is
that notice that this vendor map.
Is five and a half Meg's it's very large.
I would not recommend shipping this.
Let's do a neat trick here.
History.
Grab, build Copy this,
we'll run this so we're gonna run
the build with the prod flag.
So NG run dashboard build production.
That's a mouthful.
And it's gonna now run a production build.
And so we're gonna let this run.
And then what i wanna do is i
wanna step into the actual file.
And we're gonna do a quick
analysis on the size.
And so remember we're five and
a half megabytes.
And now we're gonna
hopefully get even better.
So, you can already see that
these numbers look lower, but
let's hope into the code and
i wanna take a peek.
So we're gonna go into the disk and
apps and dashboard and
i wanna reveal in finder and
i'm gonna go get info and
you can see here it's one Meg for
the entire thing.
So simply by doing a production build,
we're able to reduce it significantly.
So that's surprisingly,
this may seem super obvious,
but i have ran into situations
where it's our app is so huge and
you the first question is, well,
are you doing a production bill?
And they're what's a production bill?
And so,
we went from five minutes to one Meg.
So 80% improvement right off the top,
simply by adding in the proud flag.
Now, what i do wanna point out when you're
doing a production bill, so super easy.
That a lot of people are doing this but
i've seen individuals and
teams that aren't they're not
doing a production build.
Is that what you need to do when you're
doing a production build is that
in your environments if you're using
environment variables, that in my case,
i had an API endpoint that i'm pointing
to my local development environment.
And for the sake of this workshop, i'm
still pointing to that local development
environment but this did not exist.
And so if i save this, and so
if you forget to set up your config for
that environment and you run this,
is that it should throw an error.
And so what this allows you to
do is that it allows you to
essentially segment your
environments specific examples or
configuration details into
configuration files and
then feed them in during the build.
And so, at a higher level,
what i've done is
based on a configuration
file that existed outside
of that was even at a higher
abstraction is that
i've used a make file,
which is super analog.
So, unfortunately with make is
it's been around forever it works.
It's not great to google, but i've had it
where it's, here's my configuration file
or here's my configuration end points,
different things.
And i've went through and
i've generated those configuration,
those environment files on the fly.
And so if you are doing a production
build, or an environment build
cuz another one that i use quite
often is what i would call UAT.
So user acceptance testing.
So typically i'll have a dev
environment where it's pretty volatile,
i'll have UAT, which is what i would say,
kinda l a beta release style environment
where you wanna put something in for
your stakeholders and for users to go
through, test it, make sure that it works.
And then you have plans so
a lot of times i will have, essentially,
configuration for all three of those
environments and then when you're building
it then you just target that particular
configuration and you make that work.